you know Vegeta that now I'm going to snitch on you I'm
going to give him a couple of balls
and I'm going to snitch on Vegeta You're going to see
Vegeta's banned tweets I'm going to
show you the worst tweets that Vegeta has
from 2012 to 2013
[Music]
what Vegeta Vegeta has raised dust
with this eh with just one tweet he has
raised for variety it's already the second
tweet Because the other day Vegeta posted one
Always on the lookout for the gossip that by the way
dude let's see if it can be seen here in the
likes I saw the other day that Vegeta
gives a like to this
really crazy every time I don't realize
who gives me a like almost never because of course let's
see and more with the interactions of
these days I didn't see this thing with the clothes guys
what prevents you from saying like that and I put the photo
of Japan and of course the verified ones do
appear to me the verified ones if they appear
then I say this one is surely up to
date with all the gossip eh I think he doesn't
know who he is I think so eh if
Vegeta once said that his name is
Marlos he's a cat he's Argos He's bad  it's
Marlon
how embarrassing eh Vegeta reminds you that's why
eh go on salsa I've gotten lost no
someone update me like from chile
not in a provocative way not in a
playful way and it turns out that today there was a
time of day when he put This
reminds me of Jordi Wild's ex not at
10:41 at night in Spain what was
at 10:41 at night in Spain
today they had already talked Beijing spoke yesterday
Auro spoke today why does Vegeta put the
lizael thing Well of course I make two
interpretations here one that refers to the
Beijing iceberg of the stick what has come
out of Beijing is not even the tip of the
iceberg of everything there is or two What does it
refer to the internet in general auron
has given it a like done because it
would change everything but Of course you have
sent me that wismichula has given it has
done it but of course wismichu
often gives like to things to
manipulate this those that I know Like
the way they act they
often give like things so that
understand how Vegeta is on their
side when Vegeta and Willy have
shown on many occasions that they can't
stand wismichu I remember the
famous clip of Willy saying the
chakarma Elite karma How can you be
so cowardly to hit a guy with a bottle
And then I ran away about Dallas
and wimichu I think it's spectacular the
truth is from
behind from behind eh the head
open the head and according to what they say
another interpretation of this I tell you the
second interpretation which is the one I would
make the other interpretation that I would make
is to the entire internet to all the
creators that today nobody knows
the things that they posted and what they did in the
past why Because as a result of
Beijing on this occasion as
many moralists have come out and at 10 o'clock in the
justice system they have started to investigate their
tweets a lot of
[ __ ] from wismichu has come out again a
lot of [ __ ] has come out again From all people is worth
Look at Felipe yesterday my goodness what
Felipe does is repulsive So I think
that the real reading of Vegeta on the
tip of the icebergs how do you start here the
people like things start to come out and
really find things people of what we
tweeted or what they tweeted a
lot back then
okay they were precisely sharing
an extract of Vegeta that I'm going to
comment on okay Look and I've seen this
many youtubers Hey and this one I do
n't like because it's that I don't know it's that I do
n't like it or maybe it's been done
Because many youtubers Although you think they
are not very public facing okay And
this has been known several but I'm not going to
say names because obviously I have no
need to get wet listen
hear it any of this but I know
a lot of youtubers who in public face
are super cool such and such And then they are a
bad person for me they are bad
people because of things they have done and things they have
done to my colleagues etcetera I
don't care that in public face
they act super good you know I am the
best I am super supportive I am super Cool I
am super you suck my balls with both
hands I know what you are like because
because I know my son because I know because
because I have seen you reacting
friends let's see I have done me here they
occur to me  two options of course This
is very serious because I've seen you
reacting with my friends in fact in
the video we made recently of the
main channel of the complete story The
complete Lore of grefg against Vegeta
literally this fits literally this fits
you I have seen how you have behaved
in many situations,
people who are trustworthy have told me about many situations I
tell you that I have seen I
always say that the day I leave
YouTube I'm going to tell you this this this and
This you would freak out okay the day he
leaves YouTube he's going to say this this and
this this you would freak out Okay let's see I think it's either
going for Greg or it's going for people who were
harassing Ángel and Saras the case
of Ángel and Sara needs to be talked about I don't know
who those involved are we would have to
look for it I don't know if you know out there Who it is
but apparently there was a large group
of streamers and twitterers and youtubers who
harassed Ángel and Saras according to what he said
in an interview that was about to let's
go the networks I think the one who left them
and it was Vegeta that Vegeta and Willy the one who
called him  they collaborated with him they
made him see that he could continue creating
content I don't know what I mean be careful eh
careful careful eh I remember that
José Emi threw it in his face not to
wismichu no be careful with that eh with the
case of Ángel and Sara eh that many people
are come on let Ángel and Sara talk but
if the one you are defending
is there you know what Vegeta that now I am
going to denounce you here I am going to give him a
couple of balls and I am going to denounce Vegeta You are
going to see Vegeta's banned tweets I am
going to show you the worst tweets
that Vegeta has from 2012 to 2013 I can't
sleep Damn console addiction
I need sex to calm down
pathetic Vegeta pathetic here
answering the usual Not here answering the usual
with all the shamelessness no
Luzu here so calm Wii beach not
like any human being and Vegeta comes
and says luso we want to see you shirtless
XD pathetic eh pathetic completely
this I think could be considered harassment
of a coworker
from 2020 this tweet from 2020 this tweet
9900  people have had the
nerve to give it a like from 2020 this
isn't from 2013 I've been playing the
[ __ ] guys game all day highly recommended it's
the best and then he acts funny not
like saying don't fail I was
wrong regrettable regrettable
homophobia in fact eh 2013 2013 talking
to himself the crazy one Don't you think they'll
take it the wrong way I hope he's not always on
call but there are days when I
go out a bit to clear my head Ok Ok dude it
's your channel you know but I don't know well it
makes me doubt the truth is the video was
great even so when he returns home If it
's not too late I'll get to it ok I
love you Majo regrettable
schizophrenia let's all pray for Vegeta eh
I mean the guy talking to himself you can't
have more ego and more shamelessness
eh Ah look look this is the first tweet
that I hadn't posted in 2014 In fact not that
long ago a big kiss I love you all
kisses card with love passion love
feeling and heart lots of kissing I see
I for your followers truth eye eye
getting pretty to go to the gym Today I
feel like some man penetrated me
violently but some affection
[Laughter]
this is real no no this is real No no it's not
that the verified one is not here This
is not true I'm not going to commit suicide in 5
minutes I'll be back sex Look all over your face
sex all over your face dude all over your
face well crazy you're done
paying 10% in Andorra very crazy
[Music]